Hey guys, welcome to
section 4! We're very excited, because we know how much you're going to be learning in this
section! What are we building, Mikey, what models? Oh, we're going to build a chess set, so
we're actually going to build a series of models. So we're going to have multiple objects floating about
here, we're going to have a chess board itself and then all the associated pieces
with the chess board, and we're going to bring them all together in one big scene, at the very end.
We're going to apply textures, so this is the first time you guys are going to experience
textures in the course. We've already covered materials in the last one, so we're going to add a
texture to both our board and pieces. And there's two ways we're going to make
these textures. For the wood of the outside of the board, we're going to import an image from
the outside, which is quite a common way of using textures, and use that to get the grain to the wood.
And then, the marble in the middle on the board, it's going to be created by
Blender. The texture will be procedurally created by Blender, using its Blender Render
material shader, which is pretty cool! So you'll see that, and then, I'm going to be
helping you to export your materials out to a different program and look at the impact,
when you have both shader settings and textures that you need to export,
how does that get done. So that's it! So without further ado, let's
crack on and carry on, making our chess set! See you soon!